Here goes!
I now build my circuit!
I set my Marincess Sea Horse
in the Link Arrow...
to Link Summon!
Link 1
Marincess Blue Slug!
But since it's a Water
Attribute monster,
Hydradrive Lord prevents it from
using any of its abilities.
So she's useless.
Actually,
since I summoned Blue Slug next
to my Crystal Heart's link,
Marincess Bubble Blast's
effect activates!
It deals you 500 points
of damage for every Link Arrow
that those two monsters have!
Since they have a total
of three links...
You take 1500
points of damage!
Then I'll use my
Interference Canceler...
to drop the damage to 0!
He can only do
that one more time.
And after he does, he's mine!
When I have two
Marincess Link Monsters in play,
I get to revive Marincess
Mandarin from my graveyard!
But like your other
Water monsters,
she loses her abilities.
Yeah, but summoning her triggers
Bubble Blast's effect!
An effect that I render
useless by using...
Interference Canceler.
(chuckles) Perfect.
That's the third time he used
Interference Canceler,
so he can't use it anymore.
That means if I use
my Marincess Mandarin
to Link Summon a new monster,
he can't stop me
from activating
my Bubble Blast
to deal 2000 points of damage
to his life points.
And if I Link Summon again,
I'll get a Link 2 monster
that activates Bubble Blast's
effect for a second time.
That'll deal 2000
more points of damage,
which is enough to defeat
Bohman and end this duel!
I can see in your eyes
that you think this duel is over
but you're wrong.
By returning Interference
Canceler to my hand,
I can summon
Hydradrive Mutation.
Then I'm allowed
to once again place
that trap card on my field
and immediately activate
that trap during this turn.
In other words,
Canceler's count resets!
Oh no,
this is really bad,
Blue Maiden!
This means Bohman
can avoid taking damage
three more times!
So predictable.
Did you actually think
it was possible
for you to outplay me?
Uh yeah, of course I did!
And in fact I still do!
You made one good move,
but that doesn't
make you special!
I set two of my Marincesses
in the Link Arrows
to Link Summon
Link 2 Marincess
Coral Anemone!
(Bohman)
Pointless.
Since my Crystal Heart
and Coral Anemone
have four links
between them,
my Bubble Blast deals a total
of 2000 points of damage
straight to your
life points.
But since I can now use
Interference Canceler again,
that damage drops to 0.
(sighs)
I'll place
this card facedown...
and end my turn.
Since my turn's over,
Bubble Blast is now destroyed.
Bohman, I know it'll sound like
I'm saying this because
of the situation we're in,
but it's not too late
to stop this duel.
You're right... That is exactly
what it sounds like.
If we keep fighting,
we're both going to lose so much
more than we already have,
and we've both lost
so much already.
You don't need to remind me.
How could I ever forget
that you deleted
my very own brother.
But in a way,
I should thank you.
Thank us?
Before you defeated
my brother,
I dueled using computations
and calculations
and I wondered why humans
were able to defeat me
when I was logically superior
to them in every way.
But when you defeated him,
I learned about emotions.
About anger...
and sadness.
And how humans channel these
emotions to elevate their game.
So I combined these emotions
with my intellect
to evolve my AI
and elevate my game.
And the end result
is what you see before you,
the perfect duelist fueled
with the desire for victory!
If you wanted to say that you're
a better duelist than before,
you coulda just said that
with like 98 fewer words.
I'll take that
to heart for next time,
except there won't be
a next time.
It's my turn. I draw!
I activate Hydradrive Mutation's
special ability!
I can change its Attribute
to a monster of my choice,
and the one I choose
is Crystal Heart.
Therefore, my Mutation
changes from an Earth
to a Water monster.
Next, I activate the spell
Property Flood from my hand!
By tributing
one of my monsters...
I can resummon a Link Monster
from my graveyard for every link
that my Cubed
Hydradrive Lord has,
as long as it shares
an Attribute
with my Hydradrive Mutation,
so that means
three Water Monsters
are coming back.
Specifically, these three
Coolant HydradriveS!
I shall now use these monsters
to generate my circuit!
The summoning conditions
require four Hydradrive
Link Monsters
with the same Attribute!
He's summoning a monster
stronger than Hydradrive Lord?
I Link Summon!
Link 4 Tesseract
Hydradrive Monarch!
Not good.
No at all Ai,
far from it.
(Announcer)
Attention.
Link VRAINS is currently
experiencing
technical difficulties.
Sol Technologies is
working on a fix
and expects to have
the problem resolved shortly.
Please stand by...
Attention.
Link VRAINS is currently
experiencing
technical difficulties.
(voice fades) Sol Technologies
is working on a fix...
(Ghost Gal)
What are we doing here
in Central Station's basement?
This location houses
Sol Technologies emergency
central control switch
which can use it to restart
LINK VRAINS
and log everyone out.
And purge Bohman
out of our system.
Ah.
Akira Zaizen...
Impossible. I'm locked out
of my own system.
Or you mean
Bohman locked you out.
No, Bohman wouldn't know
about this switch.
(both gasp)
Or I could be wrong
about that...
It appears...
this all rests
on your shoulders now, Skye.
Win this duel, Skye!
Or all of LINK VRAINS
will be gone!
My Tesseract Hydradrive
Monarch is stronger
than anything
that's come before!
It's not only an
Earth Monster,
but it's also a Water,
Fire and Wind monster.
And since I used my Cubed
Hydradrive Lord to summon it,
I'm allowed to draw one card!
Next, if your monster
has the same Attribute
as my Monarch,
it loses its abilities!
Aww man, this is just great,
not that again.
(Aqua)
Without its abilities,
Coral Anemone isn't at
full strength.
But on the positive side,
at least our
Marincess Crystal Heart
can keep its abilities when
it's in the Extra Monster Zone.
Yes...
but not after my Hydradrive
Monarch destroys it!
Don't think so!
Whenever my Crystal
Heart is attacked,
I can discard
a Marincess from my hand.
And if I do,
my Crystal Heart isn't destroyed
and I take no damage
from this battle!
So even with its four swords,
it's cutting nothing!
On the contrary, I've succeeded
in cutting your options.
Because when my Hydradrive
Monarch attacks
you're required to send
one of your monsters
to the graveyard.
So which of your
two monsters
are you willing
to give up, Blue Maiden?
Whichever you select,
when your monster
is sent to the graveyard,
my Hydradrive Monarch
is allowed to attack again.
You gotta choose wisely,
Blue Maiden.
And the right choice is...
(mumbles) I don't know.
(Aqua)
Which one should we pick,
Blue Maiden?
If we send Crystal Heart
to the graveyard,
Bohman can use Judgement
Arrows to double
his monster's attack
points and win the duel.
But if we choose to give up
Coral Anemone instead,
we'll be left with
Crystal Heart,
which has 0 attack points.
So if he attacks that,
he'll win the duel that way too.
Neither option will allow
Blue Maiden
to survive this duel.
(Bohman)
Now choose... and lose.
C'mon, Skye, think!
There must be...
There has to be another way!
What do I do?
Is there nothing I can do?
Except lose?
And fail my friends?
If I choose Crystal Heart,
I lose.
If I choose
Coral Anemone, I lose.
You can do this, Skye!
I believe in you!
(gasps)
You know what?
If both choices
make me lose...
(chuckles)
I'll choose neither.
Instead I activate
Marincess Cascade!
It banishes all Marincess
Link Monsters on the field!
In exchange,
one monster gains
300 attack points for every
Link that they had,
and since your monster's
the only one in play,
it's the one that
gets those attack points.
Lastly, the monsters
I banished return
to my field next turn.
(Ai)
Why would she help
Bohman by raising
his monster's attack points?
Because it doesn't
actually help him.
Huh?
When a monster is banished,
it doesn't go to the graveyard.
And if it doesn't,
Hydradrive Monarch's ability
can't activate,
so it can't attack.
Well done!
I have no choice
but to end my turn.
You're up.
When your turn ends,
so does Marincess
Cascade's effect,
meaning your Monarch's attack
points drop back down to 3000.
That was close.
Too close.
Truth is, my mind was in
complete and total shambles.
But then I remembered that there
are people who believe in me
and I won't let them down!
So looks like
you're still stuck with me!
It's my turn! I draw!
First off, my monsters
that Marincess Cascade
banished return to my field!
But without their abilities.
Yeah, okay, I know,
you already said that
like 14 times this duel.
I activate
Marincess Battle Ocean
to raise my monsters'
attack points by 200!
And next up,
I build my circuit!
The summoning conditions require
at least two Water Monsters,
one of which has to be
Crystal Heart!
I Link Summon!
Link 4 Marincess Wonder Heart!
And for the fifteenth time
now, is it,
your monster
loses its abilities!
Not quite!
Due to Marincess
Battle Ocean's effect,
when I use Crystal Heart
to Link Summon,
my Wonder Heart is protected
from your special abilities!
And Battle Ocean
also raises
Wonder Heart's
attack points by 200!
But wait,
there's still more!
Now when I go and Link Summon
a Marincess Wonder Heart
to my Extra Monster Zone,
Battle Ocean's third effect
lets me equip
up to three Marincesses in my
graveyard on to Wonder Heart,
as long as they each have
a different number
of Link Arrows.
So Link 1 Blue Slug,
Link 2 Coral Anemone,
and Link 3 Marbled Rock,
join up with Wonder Heart
to power her up!
For every Link Arrow
that those three monsters have,
my Marincess Wonder Heart
will gain
300 additional attack points!
Since they have a total
of six Link Arrows,
Wonder Heart gains 1800
attack points.
Nice!
She's now stronger
than Bohman's monster!
Since I sent Coral Anemone
to the graveyard
earlier during this turn,
its special ability activates,
letting me add one
Marincess in my graveyard
to my hand.
Here I go!
Wonder Heart, attack and destroy
Tesseract Hydradrive Monarch!
You fool!
I can use Judgement Arrows
to double my monster's
attack points!
Oh, I'm not the fool,
Bohman!
Wonder Heart's special ability
prevents you from using
Judgement Arrows,
so its attack points
stay lower than mine!
(grunts)
Argh!
This attack might be done,
but I'm not done yet!
By negating its
special abilities,
I can summon one of my
Marincesses that's equipped
on to my Wonder Heart.
So join the battle,
Marincess Marbled Rock!
And due to Battle
Ocean's effect,
Marbled Rock gains
200 attack points!
Good! Now go!
Marbled Rock, attack Bohman
directly and end this duel!
(grunts)
Bye bye.
What?
You survived?
Of course I did.
What?
You survived?
Of course I did.
By activating my trap
Hydradrive Tolerance,
the damage I took
was reduced by 300
for every Link Arrow
that my Hydradrive Monarch had.
Since it had four links,
I took 1200 fewer points
of damage and survived.
Additionally,
Hydradrive Tolerance
protects me from taking
any more damage
for the rest of this turn.
Yeah, well, whatever!
Even if I can't win
this turn,
I can make sure
you can't win on your turn!
I reequip Marbled Rock
on to my Wonder Heart
to power her
back up to 4400
attack points!
You're up, Bohman.
Just gotta stay calm.
This duel's still in the bag.
Well done, Blue Maiden.
Every move you made
has led you here,
the moment of your defeat.
And it's all your own fault.
Because by making it
your mission
to destroy my Tesseract
Hydradrive Monarch,
you set up your own demise!
And if you do not
believe me...
Then just watch.
It's my turn!
By paying 1000 life points,
I can resummon
Hydradrive Monarch
from my graveyard...
with its attack points doubled!
6000 attack points?
(Bohman)
And once again,
my Monarch wields
four Attributes:
not just Earth,
but also Water,
Fire, and Wind.
(grunts)
And your Water Monsters...
Yeah, yeah, yeah,
they lose their abilities.
But not this time because Battle
Ocean's effect negates it!
However, it can't negate
my attack!
I don't wanna lose heart,
but I think Blue
Maiden's gonna lose hers!
By activating
Wonder Heart's ability,
it avoids being
destroyed in battle,
and I don't take any damage!
And then, after the battle,
I can unequip
Marincess Blue Slug
and summon her to my field!
But for how long will
she be able to stick around?
Because by activating Hydradrive
Monarch's additional ability,
you must choose
one of your Water monsters
and send it directly
to the graveyard.
Again?
(Bohman)
Yes. Again. Now choose.
I hate to do this but...
I choose Blue Slug.
When my Hydradrive Monarch's
ability successfully forces you
to send a monster
to the graveyard,
it is allowed to
attack again.
Take out her Wonder Heart!
I ‘ll use Wonder Heart's
ability again
to protect her!
And then unequip Coral Anemone
and summon her to the field!
But I can use my Hydradrive
Monarch's ability again
to make you choose one monster
to send to the graveyard.
(grunts)
She's stuck in
a lousy loop de loop!
Coral Anemone...
Sorry about this.
But when I send my Coral Anemone
to the graveyard,
I can add Marincess
Sea Horse to my hand.
Hydradrive Monarch, attack
Wonder Heart again!
(Blue Maiden)
And get bounced again!
This time, I unequip
Marbled Rock
and summon her to the field.
You know the drill,
choose which monster
to destroy.
Not that you actually
have a choice.
I send Marbled Rock
to the graveyard.
With that, Wonder Heart
no longer has
any monsters equipped.
(gasps)
Wonder Heart cannot use
its ability anymore
to stop my attack.
Hydradrive Monarch,
destroy Wonder Heart!
Wonder Heart
can't use its ability,
but my Crown Tail can!
What?
(Blue Maiden)
By sending a Marincess
in my hand to the graveyard,
the damage I take
is cut in half!
(grunts)
Then I get to summon Crown
Tail to the field!
Also, when Wonder Heart
is destroyed,
I get to revive Crystal Heart
from my graveyard.
So which of those two monsters
will you destroy this time?
I'm sending Crown
Tail to the graveyard.
And yes, I know that means
you get to attack again.
So c'mon.
Just get it over with.
My Hydradrive Monarch will
attack your Crystal Heart,
just as you wish!
And you just triggered
my Crown Tail's special ability!
By banishing her
from my graveyard...
For every Link Arrow
that the Marincesses
in my graveyard have,
I can reduce the battle
damage that I take
by a thousand points.
(Aqua)
The Marincesses currently
in our graveyard are
Wonder Heart,
Marbled Rock,
Coral Anemone,
and Blue Slug.
And together, they have
ten links between them.
So we're not taking any damage
that's below 10,000 points.
Which is a ton of points...
But we know
that's not enough.
Right, Aqua?
Yeah, because
Judgement Arrows
will double his monster's
attack points to 12,000.
(Blue Maiden)
But don't let anyone say
that Blue Maiden and Aqua
didn't go down
without a fight!
That's right, Blue Maiden.
You never gave up
and that's why I'm proud
to be your partner.
Ditto.
Thanks, Aqua.
(screams)
No!
Skye!
(grunts)
Even knowing that you
faced certain defeat,
you did not surrender.
There is a certain nobility
to that that I appreciate.
So allow me to show
you my nobility
by affording you a compassion
that you did not afford me.
You did not give me
the opportunity to share
the final moments with
my brother Harlin,
but I shall extend you
that courtesy.
Skye?
Akira?
Skye!
Skyeee!
Akira... I'm here.
Skye...
(whimpers)